docs: Attempt to clarify how handle directives may be re-ordered (#264)
caddyserver/website: src/docs/markdown/caddyfile/directives/handle.md

Evaluates a group of directives mutually exclusively from other `handle` blocks at the same level of nesting.

> The `handle` directive is kind of similar to the `location` directive from nginx config: the first matching `handle` block will be evaluated. `handle` directives at the same level of nesting will be tried in the order they're written in the `Caddyfile`, except if there is a single path matcher, which orders them by the path length. Handle blocks can be nested if needed. Only HTTP handler directives can be used inside handle blocks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `handle` directive is kind of similar to the `location` directive from nginx config: the first matching `handle` block will be evaluated. `handle` directives at the same level of nesting will be tried in the order they're written in the `Caddyfile`, except if there is a single path matcher, which orders them by longest (most specific) path pattern first. Handle blocks can be nested if needed. Only HTTP handler directives can be used inside handle blocks.
```
